README.md, before:

# Website creation plan

## Overview

This is a [@korn](mailto:y.korniievskyi@dev-branch.com) website for studying and practice with the **PHP**, HTML, CSS and JS programming languages. 

## Website must include
1. Homepage(index.php) with articles inside it.
2. Logged in hompage with articles inside it.
3. Own articles page with an opportunity to add/edit/delete content (articles).
4. About US page.
5. ...

### Optional
1. Tags for articles and possibility to sort articles by topics. Or pages with different topics.
2. Articles must include possibility to add images.
    - Use the same script for saving user avatars. (Optional)
3. Login form on home page.
4. Not removing data from fields while registration.
5. Comments system.
6. Like (rating) articles system.
7. Add buttons to publish/unpublish articles.
8. ...

## Features
1. Databse with users creation.
2. One page to connect a database for all pages.
3. ...

## Order of doing things. Backend. (Project Status)
1. ~~Make a sample of the `index.php` page.~~ :white_check_mark:
2. ~~Create a **database connection** page.~~ :white_check_mark:
3. ~~Create `register.php` page.~~ :white_check_mark:
    - ~~Add a form with choosing: male, female, cat, other~~ :white_check_mark:
4. ~~Create `login.php` page.~~ :white_check_mark:
5. ~~Create `logout.php` page.~~ :white_check_mark:
6. ~~Create `add_content.php` page.~~ :white_check_mark:
7. ~~Create a list of user's articles on `dashboard.php` page.~~ :white_check_mark:
8. ~~Create `article.php` page.~~ :white_check_mark:
9. Create `article_edit.php` page.
10. ~~Create `article_preview.php` page.~~ :white_check_mark:
11. Create `article_delete.php` page.
12. Create `about_us.php` page.
13. Create `home.php` page. *For what???*
14. Cerate `user_profile.php` page.
15. Create `user_profile_edit.php` page.
14. ...

## Content creation pages must include:
1. Add Article feature.
2. Edit Article feature.
3. Delete Article feature.
4. List of user made Articles.
5. Text area field.
6. Publish checkbox.
7. MYSQL table with articles.
8. Tags system (experiment with database queries).
9. ...

Commit message:

Added dashboard link to index.php. Added link to user name in article.php file. Made user_profile.php and user_not_exist.php pages. Updated TODO list in README.md file.

README.md, after:

# Website creation plan

## Overview

This is a [@korn](mailto:y.korniievskyi@dev-branch.com) website for studying and practice with the **PHP**, HTML, CSS and JS programming languages. 

## Website must include
1. Homepage(index.php) with articles inside it.
2. Logged in hompage with articles inside it.
3. Own articles page with an opportunity to add/edit/delete content (articles).
4. About US page.
5. ...

### Optional
1. Tags for articles and possibility to sort articles by topics. Or pages with different topics.
2. Articles must include possibility to add images.
    - Use the same script for saving user avatars. (Optional)
3. Login form on home page.
4. Not removing data from fields while registration.
5. Comments system.
6. Like (rating) articles system.
7. Add buttons to publish/unpublish articles.
8. ...

## Features
1. Databse with users creation.
2. One page to connect a database for all pages.
3. ...

## Order of doing things. Backend. (Project Status)
1. ~~Make a sample of the `index.php` page.~~ :white_check_mark:
2. ~~Create a **database connection** page.~~ :white_check_mark:
3. ~~Create `register.php` page.~~ :white_check_mark:
    - ~~Add a form with choosing: male, female, cat, other~~ :white_check_mark:
4. ~~Create `login.php` page.~~ :white_check_mark:
5. ~~Create `logout.php` page.~~ :white_check_mark:
6. ~~Create `add_content.php` page.~~ :white_check_mark:
7. ~~Create a list of user's articles on `dashboard.php` page.~~ :white_check_mark:
8. ~~Create `article.php` page.~~ :white_check_mark:
9. Create `article_edit.php` page.
10. ~~Create `article_preview.php` page.~~ :white_check_mark:
11. ~~Create `article_delete.php` page.~~ :white_check_mark:
12. Create `about_us.php` page.
13. Create `home.php` page. *For what???*
14. ~~Cerate `user_profile.php` page.~~ :white_check_mark:
    - Add `Edit` link to profile page. That appears only for the page owner.
15. Create `user_profile_edit.php` page.
16. Leave *comments* above the code block with explanations of them.
17. Change `include("article_not_found.php")` and the same with "user_not_exist.php" to one `PAGE NOT FOUND` file.
18. ...

## Content creation pages must include:
1. Add Article feature.
2. Edit Article feature.
3. Delete Article feature.
4. List of user made Articles.
5. Text area field.
6. Publish checkbox.
7. MYSQL table with articles.
8. Tags system (experiment with database queries).
9. ...
